fix: tls key is not taken into account for target cluster (#844)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/deploying.adoc

<2> File system location of a file containing the trust store's password.
<3> (Optional) Trust store type. Supported types are: `PKCS12`, `JKS` and `PEM`.  Defaults to Java default key store type (PKCS12).

> The following illustrates connection to physical cluster using client credentials over SSL.

Reviewer: "client credentials" is ambiguous. After all, when using SSL client credentials flow over the wire too. How would you feel about?
```suggestion
The following illustrates connection to physical cluster using TLS client authentication (aka Mutual TLS).
```

[source, yaml]
----
virtualClusters:
  demo:
    targetCluster:
      bootstrap_servers: myprivatecluster:9092
      tls:
        key:
          privateKeyFile: /opt/cert/client.key
          certificateFile: /opt/cert/client.cert
        trust:
          storeFile: /opt/cert/client/server.cer
          storeType: PEM

> 

Reviewer: source block needs to be closed.
```suggestion
----
```
